very good to all boys and girls who
just like you are welcome to another video
more welcome to a live modern warfare
3 how are you looking good with guys
first of all I have to tell you that
let's make a game in modern
warfare 3 if you are going to be the one
lead the next live in the
comments why then why are we going to
make a road to black ops 3 is worth it
I made one with the road to coast but good
at the end I deleted the videos because
I did not like them in the end but good
what we have to do guys is that
you are going to vote in those in the
comments that I knew and want you to be
the next one and the winner I'll say it for
twitter with which guys you have the
twitter up here does not cost us
nothing to follow me and well let's give it
here until heading harkat domain and
let's try to get an mv that
you are so rich and so good and so
little dots that give us so guys
let's see if there's luck you tell me
also because you like the series well
how good the power of modern warfare 3
we come here we go I think pussy
we can get something quite powerful
perfect we kill the big guy you go
piltrafilla
let's take the flag that we do not
costs nothing and we get a bonus
of clear specialist that yes as
my mother looks like the faults here
fuck fuck we are going to fuck this gun then
or my mother my mother will be in
action
my mother that mancu i am kids
my mother again failures
my mother
OK
perfect perfect push push push efe
I'm a little bit against the ropes
I'm a little against the ropes guys
ok let's go from here because
we are doing
we have made too many friends like willy
to see how much we are going for a certain model 14
0 that that is perfect for me to
calm down me perfect guys
my mother's girl kid who ricky why
please do not lose what a pity guys we
they have fucked up the streak
and especially michael yes especially here
DNA pump is difficult I hope with
effort and dedication you can take
as well
I am that I am not a way to
mine, my mother, three times as foolish as
idiot foolishly okay we're going from here
OK
where are you perfect uncle are you going to take your
weapon and I think it can come quite
cool we go to man and so much that yes and
so much that yes
let's leave the radar here
and what we are going to do is go
good to go I do not know I do not know
something that I have seen is improving
installed
and ready bullets
Quadrini or good no matter what we have
bundled up the guy who got fucked
bundled
I've seen
I have seen the wife
ok nothing happens nothing happens
the knife
it's less bad
seriously
member how many
how many initiations there were out there
my mother, guys
my mother the faults the fallero is going to
call 10 as oysters no no no no no
no no no no no
I'm in the rest let's go back
some back to the crab back
backwards
perfect perfect and a
good game you're in a good game
It's worth as I have a bonus of
specialist
I guess it will not affect us
helicopter and especially now less
because they have knocked it down
there is an enemy there
or yes or no
as in English, my mother, I am
leaving the throat
misuses bad guys
You make me
be there waiting for an insertion is what
that he gave himself seems to be waiting there
to make it the good central bus
Well, to see when it happens
today is worth
it's worth only they have killed him
killed
I have seen there is an enemy now
my mother
my mother the faults
the factories that are here that we are
waiting uncle you're confused
OK OK
ok that's the one in the back
perfect perfect perfect perfect
I do not know how much milk we have, I do not know and
I hope it's recording everything
perfect because if we're not going to roll it up and
much huh
poor man called me enemy of my enemy
quiet calm
calm recover recover
we recover vale
ok we have recovered it perfect
please we're leaving we're going from here
it's worth 42 6 my mom guys and all
perfect perfect specialist to see ya
to see to see if we can leave a
pump a leveling pump you know a
fucked adn bomb
let's try to wash
It's not bad it would not be bad in tea
Ms. trembles me me m
I'm shaking
worth it's worth now is it's never now or
never guys
to everyone
As I say you are one of Libya come come
come, let's go come two and come to
take for sure ass yes guys let's go
there fuck come to moa for you
for your rich little head that
man, come, come, come, well, me
I was without crepe and justin wants to catch
come, come, you want to catch
caught
of course yes guys let's fuck let's go
there we go when we have been 52 7
perfect hey perfect
my mother boy I finally get one and
mabel light mother of mine mother of mine
come on come come and come we get
Of course yes fuck my mother I do not care
that the command to be perfect
guys one last guys I hope you guys
have liked, let's see, let's see
how much have we been 52 7 perfect
but once again, guys who have
liked and you know subscribe leaving a
like if you liked it and now yes
the next
chao chao